hello everybody I'm just such an outside
enjoying the rather Clement weather it's
very rare for Bolton 15 years ago I did
a sketch for current relief called is
this the way to Amarillo I never
imagined that it would go down so well
make everybody happy and I thought what
a perfect time to recreate it again so
we've asked a lot here to film
yourselves and send it in and listen if
you if you can help tonight there's a
number on screen if you can't then don't
worry about it you've got enough going
on but take care enjoy yourselves in is
this the way to Amarillo lots of lost to
you all
[Music]
[Applause]
when the day is dawning
[Music]
but it takes a Sunday
how I long to be there with Murray who's
waiting for me there
only say
ain't as half
[Music]
is this the way
dreaming dreams
[Music]
[Applause]
works for me
[Music]
sure
[Applause]
[Music]
there's a church bell ringing
here the song of joy that
while the sweet
and
who's come to see
just beyond
[Music]
keeps me going
dreaming dreams
[Music]
waits for me
[Applause]
was created as part of the big night n
we hope you enjoyed it we also hope that
if you possibly can you can follow the
link and make a donation right now up
and down the United Kingdom charities
are providing urgent help to people who
really need it most
so she got a couple of quid bonging in
please help thank you